my carpenter bee trap and you can see
it's got a bottle full of bees here to
tell you exactly how it works my
carpenter bee trap it has a hole that it
imitates the carpenter bees natural nest
and when the bee goes inside and he
decides it's not a good place to live he
wants to leave he tries to exit but the
beat like any insect flies to the light
just like a fly goes to the window so he
ends up right here and he gets confused
by the light and then he falls down in
the bottom and you end up with a bottle
full of bees like this now these bees
emit a smell real strong smell a
pheromone that attracts more bees to the
trap so once you get a few bees in there
you just leave them in there and you end
up with a whole bottle full of bees the
bottle full of bees is about 200
carpenter bees and if it's full and you
have to discard it because the bees
can't go in there anymore your whole
trap already smells like the bees so
just throw it away and screw on another
empty water or a coca-cola bottle and
there you go we have different styles of
carpenter bee trap but the invention is
that the bee goes in a hole and imitates
a carpenter bee hole and he flies to the
light and we have a patented bee trap
and we sell them online carpenter bees
solutions.com
then we have a hundred percent
money-back guarantee you put them on the
the best place is a sunny side of your
house on the peaks and the corners and
they attract bees and then keep you from
getting a house full of holes because we
built our wood house and we didn't want
the house to get drilled full of holes
my carpenter bees so we invented this
trap
you